Adds support for simplifying filters involving non-finite int and float values (#3408)
HypothesisWorks/hypothesis: hypothesis-python/RELEASE.rst

RELEASE_TYPE: patch

> This patch adds a bit of functionality to automatic refactoring of simple filters. Specifically, it adds handling for requests for nonfinite floats and ints (using math.isfinite, math.isinf, and math.isnan).
> 
> Also reworks tests for filter rewriting slightly to test new functionality, and to separate cases where the rewrite should return an empty strategy from cases where the rewrite should return a strategy that always fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This patch adds filter rewriting for :func:`math.isfinite`, :func:`math.isinf`, and :func:`math.isnan`
on :func:`~hypothesis.strategies.integers` or :func:`~hypothesis.strategies.floats` (:issue:`2701`).

Thanks to Sam Clamons at the SciPy Sprints!
```
